This is the option of the dress and you know what does mean power management of the dress.
It's ah option from the and what that help you to see the power of your environment and you should know
that this option is not going to work for a small environment for you.
Five ten twenty seven this option we're not going to hit you because you have smart power consummation
and you have a small number of hosts.
That's me.
Even if you save one or two holes this is not a big deal to do with in your environment.
This is going to work perfectly in a huge environment even a media environment will not going to get
the benefits of the power management for the huge environment that have thousands of thousands of root
servers consume more power.
And when you enable the automation level of the power management this option use the DPM distributed
power management that is do we only use the option of wick or land if you know what does mean recall
that this option used to network to power on a board of a server Trog our physical adapter physical
network adapter.
And of course you showed up a physical network adapter that's supposed to wreak on land like EPM or
to power on the host all your host should have this option.
So you would be able to do power management.
Dennis what this function do put into huge environments that have thousands of thousands of their word
for example like Claudina service series that's how a lot of clients or for example in those big company
the employer gets out from the work.
So our news server will keep powered on even at the midnight and no one is the server.
And even for example the cloud service you might not want it to do cloud service in the midnight but
your hosts keep powered on and the electricity consumed in your company.
So for that to save a lot of electricity you need to power of some host that does not work at the midnight.
So this is the function of do automation Levin of the DPM.
This is the function of the depende distributed power management.
What this function do it Negrete this virtual machine from a specific number of host to the house.
Let's just make it simple and get our smart idea.
For example we have five hosts that use your environment and when the employment gets out at evening
that's mean.
No one is the virtual server that you have in your physical host What's the difference.
We're going to do it will migrate the virtual machine from one or two host to the other host.
And then it will power it off to your house.
Maybe one maybe two hosts or even maybe three posts if you have more space in the other two hosts.
So it's part of the two hosts and get only three host pouted on at all the midnights.
Then in the next day at the morning before the employment start using the server or the service or the
application in you're in your company do Darrow's when powered on to other server and then start migrating
the virtual machine from the other for its own host to the new power it on hosts.
And imagine this scenario into a big company that have a huge server where the address will go into
power of more than fifteen thousand 2000 3000 servers and you will see how much power electricity will
be saved when you powered of about 200 server.
So this is the idea about automation.
Levin of the DPM is bar management and then you can chose to make it all then automate.
Do you do it automatically and manually to chose the option.
Of course we always make it up because it does not have a huge environment just to get the idea about
it.
Then the Distributed power management Titos of cost of Mutual's automatic.
You can chose aggressive or conservative as the same as this but we always get pissed off.
Then we have some other option.
Theres some other ones that do add some a method you click the Add parameter and some value.
So this is the quick idea about to terminate on the DNS in our cluster.
So in the next we do.